hello youtube this is yells for luck
here and I cannot do an ounce of oil
every single week because sometimes I
might do and I'd friends house or I
might just not have time and sometimes I
don't even do many also many weeks I
will be doing other things besides nails
so now you have something to subscribe
to you soon please subscribe and follow
the internet scream at nails flub um
today we will be making favorite
toothpicks and I bought what your need
is essential oils it doesn't really
matter which one I recommend a
flavorless you clearly taste it I'll be
using cinnamon bark and cinnamon oil it
comes in Alice's you know this is ten
millimeter and three thirty three ounces
and I bought this on Amazon for like two
dollars plus tax which was like 90
minutes so this is from Eden Gardens and
I will also be using this this box two
toothpicks
um I came with a box like four
toothpicks well four boxes of toothpicks
and so yes Anna Mae soos very like a
dollar too with no tax it was free three
first you're going to lay your
toothpicks out on a white piece of paper
next what you're going to do is you're
gonna get your oils it doesn't really
matter if it's cinnamon I might want to
hit and then no all you're going to do
is put your no I'm just going to drizzle
on top and now this
very simple all you're gonna do is fold
it let it soak for about three to four
hours see this is very easy and they're
very tasty too my favorite flavor is
cinnamon